It was my first trip abroad to USA. As we were reaching the Newark International Airport, I saw from the the window that the whole city was covered in snow. Wherever I saw, whether houses, trees, roads were all covered in snow. This was my first time seeing the entire city enveloped in snow. Looking at soo much snow i wore all my winter garments, which I had brought. On landing I stepped into the airport and found the airport to be very warm.We landed at the airport. and took a cab to go to the new york city.Airport area is known as Newark and a city which is located about 1H drive from the Airport is called as New York.On our way to ndwyork from cab I saw statue of Liberty,Central Park.We reached to marriott marquis hotel.We stayed in the marriot for 1 Day while passing through new york on our way to California.Marriot is located at the Heart of the time square.Our hotel stay was gifted by smarans uncle.Hotel rooms were clean and specious.It has got modern style trendy lobby. and number of glass elevators at the centre of the hotel.Through which you can see a beautiful view of hotel,restorents as elevator goes up.I think it was appromimately 25 story hotel.on 23 rd of floor the hotel has got a big gym and on 7th floor it has got a beautiful restorent where Big TV sets are placed.The food was nice and over priced.
                                      we reached at 10 in the morning and within next half an hour we fall into deep sleep since we were suffering from the jet lagg.we got up at 7.30 in the evening.at 7.30 in the evening smaran saw tha time in his mobile phone and said oh shit its 7.30. Get up and get ready we have to go for the dinner which my school friends.Hurrily I got ready and I wore all the wollden cloths and we went out of the marriot.Temperature outside was freezing temperture.Smarans friends were waiting for us in an nearby Indian restorent named "Vatan".We took a cab and reached over there.That restorent was about to close.We had delicious and varity of food in that restorent.Smaran and his school friends were very happy to meet each other after long Time.We had a good time with them.After dinner everybody headed on their way.
                               Then smaran and me were roaming in the time square at 1.00 in the night. One can see tall buildings with large electronic disply bill boards every where.And every new year eve a crystal ball drops from the tallest buillding in time square and its said its a spectacular view.In the night the place lights up with the bill board and you can see city waking up in the night. we saw christmas decorations in the tim square area. 

                                   Then we were roaming in the Rockfeller centre are.Rockfeller centrs is a complex of 19 commercial building.m



